# Lung Simulator

A simplified representation of key ventilation- and lung-related parameters and their impact on ventilation metrics.

## What does the application do?
The application depicts a lung model, several modifiable physical parameters, and several scalar versus time waveforms that illustrate the impact of these parameters on key ventilation metrics.

## Who might use this application?
Learners of respiratory physiology.

## Why did I make this project?
I'm a respiratory therapist with a keen interest in respiratory physiology and mechanical ventilation.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to create a lung profile using key parameters including: height, sex, tidal volume, respiratory rate, compliance, and resistance
- As a user, I want to know what the metrics for key ventilator scalars (e.g. volume versus time, flow versus time) are for a parameterized lung profile
- As a user, I want to be able to add the lung profiles I've created to a list
- As a user, I want to be able to view a lung profile from the list of profiles I've created
- As a user, I want to be able to delete a lung profile from the list of profiles I've created
- As a user, I want to be able to save the list of lung profiles I created to file
- As a user, I want to be able to load lung profiles I've saved from file
- As a user, I want to have the option to continue where I left off when I quit the application
- As a user, I want to be able to select from a list of pre-defined, common pathologies of the lung
- As a user, I want to be able to observe both spontaneous and mechanical ventilation
- As a user, I want to be able to select from pre-defined modes of ventilation, adjust the settings of these modes, apply them to the respiratory system, and then observe the resulting metrics

# Instructions for End User
- You can "add a lung profile to a list of lung profiles" by clicking the "NEW" button in the upper left tool bar. Fill out the fields in the pop-up screen to parameterize the lung profile, and then click accept. You will see the lung profile displayed in the panel on the left by the label you gave it. You can add an arbitrary number of lung profiles to the list using the same process.
- You can generate the first required action related to the user story "adding multiple lung profiles to a list of lung profiles" by clicking on the radio button to the left of a lung profile label. This will display the metrics for that lung profile in the panel on the right.
- You can generate the second required action related to the user story "adding multiple lung profiles to a list of lung profiles" by clicking the "X" button beside a lung profile's label in the list. This will delete the lung profile from the displayed list.
- You can locate my visual component by starting the app, where a splash image is displayed for several seconds before the main app displays.
- You can save the state of my application by clicking the "SAVE" button in the upper left toolbar. There is no auto-save feature.
- You can reload the state of my application by clicking the "LOAD" button in the upper left toolbar.

# Phase 4: Task 3


## References
Splash image reference: Generated by ChatGPT